Docs: candlestick visualization refactor (#103310)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/shared/visualizations/graph-styles-options.md

#### Line style

Choose a solid, dashed, or dotted line style:

- **Solid** - Display a solid line. This is the default setting.
- **Dash** - Display a dashed line. When you choose this option, a list appears for you to select the length and gap (length, gap) for the line dashes. Dash spacing is 10, 10 by default.
- **Dots** - Display dotted lines. When you choose this option, a list appears for you to select the gap (length = 0, gap) for the dot spacing. Dot spacing is 0, 10 by default.

![Line styles examples](/static/img/docs/time-series-panel/line-styles-examples-v9.png)

{{< docs/shared lookup="visualizations/connect-null-values.md" source="grafana" version="<GRAFANA_VERSION>" leveloffset="+1" >}}

{{< docs/shared lookup="visualizations/disconnect-values.md" source="grafana" version="<GRAFANA_VERSION>" leveloffset="+1" >}}

To change the color, use the standard [color scheme](ref:color-scheme) field option.

#### Show points

Set whether to show data points as lines or bars. Choose from the following:

- **Auto** - Grafana determines a point's visibility based on the density of the data. If the density is low, then points appear.

> - **Always** - Show the points regardless of how dense the data set is.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Always** - Show the points regardless of how dense the dataset is.
```
